# DTSA_5304_Fundamentals-of-Data-Visualization
# Purpose
I would like to deal with data on hostels in Japan. The most important characteristic of hostels is the low price of accommodation. Since hostels originated as youth accommodations, the price per night is kept low compared to other accommodations. In recent years, the value of hostels is being reappraised due to the increasing number of foreigners visiting Japan who are interested in experiencing Japanese culture and the changing needs of domestic travelers who want to spend less on travel expenses and more on human interaction.Hostels and hotels are often confused with each other because they have very similar names, but the main difference between the two is the value they offer. While hotels focus on hospitality, such as attentive service and high quality rooms, hostels provide a place where guests can build a community with each other. For example, while hotels provide individual privacy, hostels have a lot of shared space, and even bedrooms are often shared with other people. I would like to clarify which areas of Japan have good hostels and the differences between hostels in each area to help travelers coming to Japan.<br>

# Data set
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/koki25ando/hostel-world-dataset<br>
I reffred to kaggle. This data was creaed by one japanese man and the source of this data is HostelWorld.com. HostelWorld.com is for young and independent travellers seeking a social travel experience. The gourp focuses on hostels, maintains a leding hostel database with over 16,000 hostels and approximately 20,000 other forms of budget accommodation available globally unlike the other travel agents. This data has around 300 records and has 17 columns such as City, Distance from city center, price, score etc.
